We are in the position of a little child entering a huge library filled with books in many different languages. The child knows someone must have written those books . It does not know how. It does not understand the languages in which they are written. The child dimly suspects a mysterious order in the arrangement of the books but doesn't know what it is. That, it seems to me, is the attitude of even the most intelligent human being toward God. We see a universe marvelously arranged and obeying certain laws, but only dimly understand these laws. Our limited minds cannot grasp the mysterious force that moves the constellations. - Albert Einstein
As the island of Knowledge grows, so do the shores of our ignorance –the boundary between the known and the unknown. Learning more about the world doesn’t lead to a point closer to a final destination but to more questions and mysteries. - Marcelo Gleiser.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for. - Epicurus.
Control your anger. If you hold anger toward others, they have control over you. Your opponent can dominate and defeat you if you allow him to get you irritated. - Miyamto Musashi.
No Fear, No Hesitation, No Surprise, No Doubt. - Miyamto Musashi.
There is nothing outside of yourself that can ever enable you to get better, stronger, richer, quicker, or smarter. Everything is within. Everything exists. Seek nothing outside of yourself. - Miyamto Musashi.
You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain.
Determine that today you will overcome your self of the day before, tomorrow you will win over those of lesser skill, and later you will win over those of greater skill.
In time, all things work to your advantage when you pursue them with an open heart.
All man are the same except for their belief in their own selves, regardless of what others may think of them.
Step by step walk the thousand-mile road.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. - Mark Twain
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. - Mark Twain
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. - Mark Twain
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. - Mark Twain
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. - Mark Twain
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.- Mark Twain
Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it. - Mark Twain
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. - Oscar Wilde
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.- Oscar Wilde
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.- Oscar Wilde
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination. - Oscar Wilde
